load res/cat.ppm cat
brighten 20 cat cat2
vertical-flip cat2 cat3
horizontal-flip cat3 cat4
save cat4 res/cat4.png
load res/cat.ppm cat
darken 20 cat cat2
value-component cat2 cat3
save cat3 res/cat3.jpg
load res/cat3.jpg cat
red-component cat cat2
sharpen cat2 cat3
save cat3 res/cat2.bmp
load res/cat2.bmp cat
green-component cat cat2
blur cat2 cat3
save cat3 res/cat1.ppm
load res/cat.ppm cat
blue-component cat cat2
luma-component cat cat3
intensity-component cat cat4
save cat4 res/cat5.png
sepia cat4 cat5
save cat5 res/cat6.png
grayscale cat5 cat6
save cat6 res/cat7.png


